High in this video we are going to implement phase detection together.
So let's get started.
First of all I'm going to import the open CD we have of this import data CB2 and then first of all I
am going to reference an image and image path for example.
As far as I am concerned my image is that the user is that user of desktop you don't see
bashing on arning
face action.
And first of all for example the image that J.
Ag.
OK then we are going to need a cascade classifier.
And these classic it can classify Early's is just the path that we are going to reference an axiom or
file and this Exham of file is going to contain all the features that our algorithm needs to know in
order to be able to be tax human faces of course we have to define that what is a face like.
And that is exactly why the cascade classifier ACSM Antheil is going to define for us and froggery them
it is in our users user by the way I'm going to upload it so you can use it without any problem.
NASCAR hartis Qaeda
frontal face.
And you as you may guess that it is able to detect frontal faces.
It's very important because we can train open sea to detect for example trees to detect pedestrians
to detect cars and so on.
It's very important for example lots of lots of modern cars have these kinds of algorithms and it is
able to detach that Pat Pat as we have for example.
Or it is able to be hacked cars and it can be when it crashes.
And so OK so frontal face out that XM al.
So this is the cascade classifier.
Is to see the two dark cascade classifier.
We are going to instantiated and of course we have to set the past.
So our task classifier is able to work because we have specified with the half of this arc Esky frontal
face are that X-amount that water feature is that it's going to look for.
OK.
Then I'm going to read the image so I have the image is equal to CB2 dot image lead.
Of course I have to specify the path.
And then I'm going to convert to greyscale image.
So it is going to be easy to that CTT color.
Of course the image is what I want to transform and color I BGR.
I'm not sure but I'm open to see the work suite not RBD read.
R r r g d.
Sorry but BGR blue green and red.
So BGR to grayscale.
OK.
So we have the great image and we want to run or detection algorithm on this in ages.
So the faces that detected faces just to be clear detected face as is equal to cascade classifier.
Yeah.
This is what we are talking about the cascade classifier data intact.
Mukhi scale
and we have to specify the image on which we want to run around them.
It's very important that this method has several paramita as we are going to talk about it in the next
video because sometimes it's very important.
But in most other situations the standard paramita errors are just OK.
We don't have to manipulate it.
So this is the classic classifier that detect more detail it is able to we provide an image with faces
on it and with the help of this line we are able to detach the faces and we get detected faces.
And I would like to have a for loop.
X y it is just the coordinates with and the hay indeed the tactile faces.
And I would like to draw for example the red rectangles around the tactile faces.
So I will have a CV to dot rectangle and I would like to draw rectangles of course I have to specify
the image I have to specify the starting point x and y.
Do I have to specify the kind of points X class with y class.
Hey
And of course I have to specify a color.
And because it is B.G. are blue green and red instead of red green blue.
I would love to have a.
So that's why it is 00 and it is not 55.
It is the Ardi LGB components of color.
OK.
And the color with that I would like to have a tan.
I mean sorry another color Well not the line the in.
OK.
And then I'm just going to print it out so Impe right.
I'm going to have to resort that to G.
Jake pad and of course on the image
OK.
So I'm going to detect faces on the greyscale image but I'm going to print rectangles owned colorful
image and I'm going to write it out to a file
ok x is not defined.
Sorry it's not Ciba x.
Ok.
Hope there's no other errors.
OK.
So let's see the result.
And as you can see this is the image we have one two three four five six six faces and the fourth perimeter
is these they attacked cascade classifier that detect move the scale.
We didn't untuned apparently terms we just gave the image on which you want to run or algorithm.
And as you can see it is quite working fine.
We did that one face.
OK two face three four five which are working fine because we have a face an undetected face and we
have some mismatch.
There's a little red rectangle and there there's no face at all.
So let's run this algorithm on another image.
OK.
Because sometimes these standard parameters work exactly fine.
So that's what we are looking for now.
So as you can see an image like this the standard parameters without any tuning is working perfectly
fine.
We have four phases and we are able to detect all of them.
So sometimes we need to tune the parameters.
Sometimes we don't.
So in the next video we are going to talk about the Tunie perimeters.
Thanks for watching.